>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna do
this in my editor over here.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna create a new project.
>> Brian Holt: New Window, there we go.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
I'm going to save this to my desktop.
>> Brian Holt: New folder,
call it calc, and
this is gonna be index.html
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm just gonna go grab my HTML CSS
that I had previously done,
cuz we're just going to be worrying about
the JavaScript for this particular part.
Okay, if you click Raw here,
it'll give you just the raw thing here.
So I'm just gonna Cmd+A,
Cmd+C or Ctrl+C, Ctrl+A,
and then I'm just gonna paste that
over here into my index.html.
Create another file and
call this styles.css.
Same thing,
I'm gonna grab all my CSS out of here.
>> Brian Holt: Click the Raw,
Cmd copy all of that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's make
sure that all this is yes, style.css.
Whatever you call this,
just make sure that it's the same link so
you could call it calculator.css
if you wanted to as well.
Okay, and
then we're gonna have calculator.js.
Make sure that the link's
correctly down here, which is,
I call it the same thing,
so that should work.
>> Brian Holt: So to recap, what I did
here is I went and grabbed the index.html,
right?
Or for you, if you're using your
previous one that you built with Jen,
just go ahead and work from there, okay?
I went and grabbed that HTML and
pasted it into a document.
I called it index.html, you could call it
calculator.html or whatever you want to.
Then I went and grabbed the style
sheet here, the style.css,
I think it's called calculator.css
inside the GitHub repo.
>> Brian Holt: Went and
grabbed all that CSS that I had on there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: Made sure that linked
correctly here in the header for
this stylesheet.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here at
the bottom, I linked to a calculator.js,
which is what we're about to write.
>> Speaker 2: Is the ./ for
the same directory optional?
>> Brian Holt: It is.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, force of habit for
me, so this ./ right here.
So if you have ../,
it means go up a directory, right?
>> Speaker 2: Is it a good habit
to have just to keep it so
you know it's in the directory when
you're looking at the code and
not have to go back to your file path?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Okay.
>> Brian Holt: It's equivalent.
I really can't think of
an advantageous reason why I do this,
and that isn't to say
I always do it either.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I think for
me, if I'm gonna make some sort of
feeble justification of why I do it,
I can see that and
immediately know that's the path.
Whereas if I do this, I kind of have to
parse a little bit, is that a path or not?
But that's quite feeble, so yeah,
do what sounds good to you.
>> Speaker 3: Two dots and a slash
would mean it's in the folder above?
>> Brian Holt: Go up one, yep.
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
dot represents wherever you are, right?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so just to show
you how I wrote the JavaScript here.
If you're using your own HTML and CSS,
you're gonna have to adapt some of
the things I'm doing to how
you wrote your HTML, right?
So I have a screen class up here,
which represents the running total, right?
Like that's gonna be where
you gonna be displaying,
that's the black part at the top.
And then I have all these calc buttons
down here that have all of the numbers,
and divisions, and back spaces,
and C's, and stuff like that.
>> Brian Holt: And that's pretty much it.
That's for the HTML, the CSS, I mean,
you can go check that out later.
I don't think I did anything
particularly difficult here.
I used flexbox because I can
write flexbox in my sleep and
I can never remember how to write grid.
So that's why I use flexbox everywhere.
>> Brian Holt: When it comes to CSS, you
should 100% trust Jen over me, for sure.
[BLANK AUDIO]